c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\bin\Debug\WpfHabrParser.exe.config
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\bin\Debug\WpfHabrParser.exe
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\bin\Debug\WpfHabrParser.pdb
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\WpfHabrParser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\WpfHabrParser_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\WpfHabrParser_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\WpfHabrParser.g.resources
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\WpfHabrParser.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\WpfHabrParser.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\WpfHabrParser.exe
c:\users\arseni\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\WpfHabrParser.pdb
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\View\HabrArticleView.g.cs
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\View\HabrArticleView.baml
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Arseni\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfHabrParser\WpfHabrParser\obj\Debug\WpfHabrParser.Resources.resources
